1. create a linux EC2 instance
anwer1.
step1:- login to aws console
step2:- go to services
step3:- click on ec2
step4:- To launch an instance click on launch instance
step5:- give the name the instance
step6:-then select aws
step7:- select default value of key recomamnded
step8:- click on launch instance
step9:- then a link is generate in a green box on topp of console
step10:-click on that link then again click on instance id link.
step11:-then click on connect
step12:- In sometime our linux ec2 instance is create with user_id.
 
2.use dynamo db service to create book db with columns book id.
answer 2.
step1:- open aws console
step2:- click on DynamoDB services on services
step3:- then click on create table for table creation.
step4:- give the table name "BOOK_db".
step5:- fill the partition key "book_id" 
step6:- select the table setting default
step7:-then click on create table
step8:- our table is created click on the table link.
step9:- then go to action click on create items.
step10:- add the items with the values
step 11:- our items will be uploaded sucessfully.

3.use S3 service to create bucket and upload first and second text file.
answer 3.
1)Login at awsconsole page 
2)click on services icon 
3)click on storage then S3 on right side box
4)click on the create bucket option 
5)give the bucket name which should be unique 
6)lay all option at deafult value just change  bucket version to enable
7)click on create bucket and now click on hyper link on bucket name 
8)now click on upload button to upload file and select the file or folder and click on upload option
 
4. use IAM service to create development group with user 'mark'.
 answer 4.
1. Sign in to AWS Management Console:
	2. Navigate to IAM Dashboard:
	3. Create a Group
	   - Click on "Groups" in the left-hand navigation pane.
	   - Click on the "Create New Group" button.
	   - Enter the group name, for example, "DEV".
	   - Click on "Next Step".
	
	5. Review and Create the Group
	   - Review the group details and policies attached (if any).
	   - Click on the "Create Group" button to create the DEV group.
	
	6. Create a User:
	   - Click on "Users" in the left-hand navigation pane.
	   - Click on the "Add user" button.
	   - Enter the user name, for example, "MARK".
	   - Select "Programmatic access" and "AWS Management Console access" for access type.
	   - Optionally, set a custom password or let AWS generate one for you.
	   - Click on "Next: Permissions".
	
	7. Add User to Group:
	   - Select the group(s) to which you want to add the user. In this case, select the "DEV" group.
	   - Click on "Next: Review".
	
	9. Review and Create the User:
	   - Review the user details, permissions, and group membership.
	   - Click on the "Create user" button to create the user MARK and add it to the DEV group.
	
	10. Note the User Credentials:
	    - Once the user is created, note down the user's access key ID and secret access key (if you selected programmatic access).
	    - Provide the user's login credentials (user name and password) if you selected AWS Management Console access.
